update OTA instructions for iOS with packet settings (#1612)
meshtastic/meshtastic: docs/getting-started/flashing-firmware/nrf52/ota.mdx

4. Connect to your device
5. Upload the firmware

> If the upload fails, here are some tips based on common issues:
> 
> 1. **Ensure the correct app is used:** Double-check that you’ve downloaded the **nRF Device Firmware Update (nrF DFU)** app, not the nRF Connect app.
> 2. **Adjust packet settings:** In the app’s settings, the default number of packets is often set to 23. If you experience upload failures, follow these steps to adjust the packet size:
>     1. Enable "**Packets Receipt Notification**" in the app settings. 
>     2. After enabling this, the "**Number of Packets**" setting will become active, allowing you to reduce it. Try changing the number of packets to **5**. 
>     3. Upload the firmware. Wait patiently. The upload speed is reported to be around 1 kB/s, so the process may take approximately 10 minutes to complete.
>     4. If it still fails, reduce the value by one and retry the upload.
> 3. **Prevent screen timeout during upload**: The iPhone's auto-lock feature is often set to 30 seconds or 1 minute by default. When this happens, the screen will go black, and the phone may go to sleep, potentially interrupting the Bluetooth firmware upload. To avoid this, temporarily set the auto-lock to "Never" during the upload process to ensure that the phone stays awake and the upload completes without interruption.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The iPhone's auto-lock feature could potentially interrupt the Bluetooth firmware upload. To avoid this, occasionally tap on your screen, or temporarily set the auto-lock to "Never" during the upload process to ensure that the phone stays awake and the upload completes without interruption.

If the update fails, you may find that adjusting the packet settings may help:

1. In settings, enable "**Packets Receipt Notification**". 
2. Change "**Number of Packets**" to a lower value. Some users report success with "5". 
```

Reviewer: Here's my stab at making these useful instructions a bit more concise, while not making any promises.

2. **Adjust packet settings:** In the app’s settings, the default number of packets is often set to 23. If you experience upload failures, follow these steps to adjust the packet size:
    1. Enable "**Packets Receipt Notification**" in the app settings. 
    2. After enabling this, the "**Number of Packets**" setting will become active, allowing you to reduce it. Try changing the number of packets to **5**. 
    3. Upload the firmware. Wait patiently. The upload speed is reported to be around 1 kB/s, so the process may take approximately 10 minutes to complete.
    4. If it still fails, reduce the value by one and retry the upload.
3. **Prevent screen timeout during upload**: The iPhone's auto-lock feature is often set to 30 seconds or 1 minute by default. When this happens, the screen will go black, and the phone may go to sleep, potentially interrupting the Bluetooth firmware upload. To avoid this, temporarily set the auto-lock to "Never" during the upload process to ensure that the phone stays awake and the upload completes without interruption.

> *Note: Enabling "Packets Receipt Notification" is critical, as it unlocks the ability to modify the packet count. Reducing the packet size can significantly improve the upload stability and reduce the likelihood of failure.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This seems unnecessary since it's already written above

Author: Good point. I will remove this as suggested.
